docs: add charm architecture (#220)
canonical/jenkins-k8s-operator: docs/explanation/charm-architecture.md

# Charm architecture

The jenkins-k8s charm aims to provide core functionalities of Jenkins with horizontally
scalable architecture, leveraging its flexible capabilities enhanced by plugins. Operational
capabilities are enhanced through integration with the
Canonical Observability Stack ([COS](https://charmhub.io/topics/canonical-observability-stack/))
charms.

## Containers

The core component of jenkins-k8s charm consists of a jenkins-k8s main workload container. The
services inside the container are driven by Pebble, a lightweight API-driven process supervisor
that controls the lifecycle of a service.

> Learn more about Pebble and its layer configurations [in the Pebble documentation](https://github.com/canonical/pebble).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about Pebble and its layer configurations [in the Pebble documentation](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/pebble/).
```

```mermaid
C4Context

> title Component diagram for Jenkins Charm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title Component diagram for the Jenkins charm
```

## Integrations

See [Relation endpoints](../reference/integrations.md).

### Peer relations

Only one deployment per Jenkins application is supported.

## Juju events

Juju events allow progression of the charm in its lifecycle and encapsulates part of the execution
context of a charm. Below is the list of observed events for `jenkins-k8s charm` with how the charm
reacts to the event. For more information about the charm’s lifecycle in general, refer to the
charm’s life [documentation](https://canonical-juju.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/3.6/user/reference/hook/).

### jenkins_pebble_ready

This event signals that the Pebble inside the workload container is ready. The charm then starts interacting with Pebble to begin the installation process.

### _on_jenkins_home_storage_attached

This event marks the charm’s storage availability. The name of the event derived from the name of
the storage noted in the `metadata.yaml` configuration under "storage" key.
`containers.jenkins.mounts.storage` and `storage.jenkins-home` section. The storage filesystem maps to
`/var/lib/jenkins` directory of the Jenkins application, which is used to store Jenkins related files.

> ### _on_update_status

Reviewer 2: Any particular reason these two headings include the `_on` when others don't please?

Author: Good catch, updated, thank you :)
